Welcome to this accessible
presentation of our website
CUIDAMET Plus,
a mini
thought health encyclopedia
to provide clear, reliable,
and easy-to-use information.
In this video we will explain
its structure,
how to navigate it
and what content
we can find.
At the top you will find a table
of contents
that allows us to quickly
access
to different sections
of the page, for example, by making
click on main theme.
This table is held in a fixed position
within the header,
which improves accessibility
and makes it easy to navigate
without losing the reference.
We can also see in the center
of the page
the options to first access
to a brief introduction
about us,
which explains the goal
of the site.
Second, access the website map.
This allows you to access
all the content in a structured way.
Finally, the contact section
with the telephone and mail
to make inquiries.
Below is the letter index,
that works like an alphabetical
encyclopedia.
You can press the letter
of interest
to access the corresponding items.
For example, if we press
the letter a,
we can access an article
about the alarm and
review the contents.
In the main topic section
there are featured articles,
for example, 1 is shown here
about healthy food with pictures,
explanations
and an educational approach
scientific evidence.